Add `--no-config-format` flag. Fixes #300. (#302)
spacchetti/spago: CHANGELOG.md

New features:
- Add support for starting a repl within a folder which has not been setup as a spago project (#168)
- Add `--format` flag to `spago docs` (#294)

> - Add `--no-config-format` global flag. Fixes #300. Skips formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `--no-config-format` global flag to skip formatting of the Dhall files during operations (#300, #302)
```

>   `spago.dhall` during operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
